okay today I'm gonna do another review
on the brick mania heavy mortar with no
mini kit so this is quote-on-quote
limited edition it's not really -
limited edition he made like a hundred
of each so now 200 and I think you could
still yeah you can still buy them today
well I don't know it depends on when
you're watching this video but quite
frankly at the time of this video you
can still buy it so it comes with I
think six pieces um so it comes with six
pieces in a prototype for guns motor
mortar shell and most of you guys will
probably get this just for the mortar
it's really cheap it's only six dollars
so it's very affordable unlike other
birth mania sets well I have them but
some people some people can't buy and
don't get me wrong there's some pretty
pricey ones and I don't spend all my
money on the stuff anyway but they're
pricey but they're worth it so this is
the Brooklyn's mortar
I think this version 2 version one
didn't have this little tip on it so you
can't hold it
it comes with a grey mostly gray mortar
and it's about the height same height
that this is a Lego minifigure it
depends on how you angle it and there's
a little face right there so that's how
it fighter well it's not how it fires
but okay guys this thing does not fire
just so you guys know but it looks
really cool you can set them up you can
and it's pretty basic so you can make
more of them if you wanted to so you
could just set them up like that and
there's a whole bunch maybe I don't know
if you want to build any more but so
here's the heavy mortar packaging it's
seeing here's just what's in the back
whoops I got the dark the dark green and
the black edition so this is what the
packaging comes in a little baggie
Green if you guys want to choose
personally I thought the dark green
would be the cooler water shell cuz it
kind of looks like what they use today
but maybe you don't really care for that
I think it looks cooler and cleaner let
me do a little it's kind of swirled -
that's what I think it's cool so here's
my two figures they're both going to be
holding it and see if we focus on the
weapons this is sad they're perfect so
this is what they look like as you can
see this one's all black and this one is
a little more greenish kind of gunmetal
looking there's small swirl I don't
think you will be able to focus into it
but there's our two choices black seems
as though it's more popular but more
black mortar shells have been sold than
the dark green but I don't know why
maybe it's just it's the first one first
option but okay so there's the two
mortar shells let's give a hand applause
to our models of yay now I'm going to go
into a little bit more in depth into the
martyr I think you can go too far in
depth but it's very small it's there's a
little thing well I think I'm the only
problem is it doesn't attach too well he
could have made that better but it kind
of like falls over a lot but compared to
the mortar I made it's I guess better it
just depends on what you like I'm not
going to show you it right now
but yeah so that's really god I ordered
from Brooke Manny I so got the mystery
pack if you watch my old video would
have seen that and I also got a free
little break on chain blade and purple
so yeah like comment subscribe all that
good stuff and any suggestions are open
you guys are making my channel kind of
popular so far and I think I have 38
subscribers just pretty good I've only
been using my channel for two months
approximately so yeah staying tuned for
my next videos and I hope you guys had a
Happy Thanksgiving over the weekend bye